Updates3 (#86)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/oracle/economic-guarantees.md

> ---

Reviewer: Why the split into an additional economic guarantees page? Looks like the information is almost the same as the Economic Architecture page

> title: UMA's Optimistic Oracle is secured by Economic Guarantees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: UMA's Optimistic Oracle is Secured by Economic Guarantees
```

sidebar_label: Economic guarantees
---

> ## UMA’s Approach to the Oracle Problem

Reviewer: Generally think we should decide on a standard here, but I'm of the opinion that it looks weird to have a title after a title. IMO the first paragraph should always be an introduction.

The DVM is designed to do this by continuously monitoring this CoC > PfC relationship and initiating programmatic, repeated, token buybacks if the voting token price drops below target.
All purchased tokens are burned, reducing token supply (which increases the market cap).
The funds needed to conduct these buybacks are raised by levying pro rata fees on the contracts using the system.
(Note that the current implementation of the DVM (v1) has not yet implemented the programmatic buy-and-burn process; this is currently a manual process. The DVM will be upgraded to programmatically perform this function in the future.)

Importantly, the DVM system is designed to levy the lowest fees possible while maintaining the CoC > PfC economic guarantee.
As such, the system is not rent-seeking — it is designed to minimize the fees required to maintain the security of the system.
A fascinating result of this design is that when market participants expect growth in the future usage of the protocol, this expectation of growth can maintain the CoC > PfC inequality without the DVM levying any fees at all.

> For more detailed research on these mechanisms, view [here](https://docs.umaproject.org/oracle/econ-architecture) and at this [repo](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/research).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed research on these mechanisms, view our explainer [here](oracle/econ-architecture) and our research [here](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/research).
```

## UMA Token

The UMA project token is the voting token for the UMA DVM. 

> View [here](https://docs.umaproject.org/uma-tokenholders/uma-holders) to learn more about how UMA token is used to manage and enforce financial contracts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View [here](uma-tokenholders/uma-holders) to learn more about how UMA token is used to manage and enforce financial contracts. 
```
